img7.jpeg - All about benefits of social media marketing. Used the paragraph tool to align the text in a rectangular form. Color Combination is an interesting topic
to factor in. 

img8.jpeg - The curves in the background are made using the Pen tool (Photoshop). Text is aligned using the paragraph tool. Source of logos is the Internet, whereas the 
Computer, along with the contacts panel is made predominantly using the rectangle tool. 

img9.jpeg - This is a visual of a college boy. The pen tool has been used for making the curves such as the arms and the sleeves. The curvature of the face and the goggles were made using the 
ellipse tool. The nose was made by distorting the rectangle shape (which in turn, was made using the rectangle tool).

img13.jpeg - The borders for this poster was made using a combination of pen and rectangle tools. The gift-boxes were made using the rectangle tool and the gift-wrap
ribbon was made using once again, the pen tool. The shadow was made using the ellipse tool and was later feathered.

img17.jpeg - Teamwork poster made perdominantly using the Pen and Rectangle tool. Most of the icons were made using the pen tool, accompanied by a little tinkering with
rectangle and ellipse tools. An inner shadow was added to the upper portion of the Poster using the Layer Style Panel(Photoshop).

img19.jpeg - Human figures were made using the pen tool. The font was outsourced from the Internet, and the 'F' character Friendship has been made bigger manually. The 
flower icons were also outsourced, and simply pasted in an attractive manner.

img20.jpeg - The triangular partition was made using the polygon tool and the partitioning border using a stroke. The text was aligned in a straight line using Smart guides.
The clock icon was created using the ellipse tool, and the drop-shadow effect was added after that.

img21.jpeg - The hanging lamps, crescent moon and the dome of the mosque was styled using the pen tool. Another tool predominantly used is the pen tool, which was used 
in the making of the strings supporting the lamps and the lower portion of the mosque. Drop shadow was also added on the lamp plus the mosque.


 
 
 